[Music]
what is that White House is coming out
live my fellow Americans this is a
momentous occasion it is profoundly
moving to know there is intelligent life
out there alien life and our world will
never feel quite the same again
once you believe Marcin
these come too early
what she rises a mafia annihilate tell
tell it's not be too rash then you'll be
invited hi there are you interested in
the White House to meet with our new
people it's happening at the beginning
of the new millennium more powerful than
the might of America I'll tell you one
thing they ain't getting a TV more
advanced than the brains of Britain
ladies and gentlemen this could be a
cultural misunderstanding but be
prepared for a few changes to what we
know and love write it on you you want
as we mr. learn to dance to a new town
Jack Nicholson whoa
I can't we all just get along close hit
the crap out of him where he is cause
none what in your view are some of the
things that the Martians can teach us
professor quite a lot about Mars I
expect mental that means each other
you wanna conquer the world you're gonna
need waters right I think they've come
to save us from the rare tumor
[Music]
hey we all make mistakes mr. president
Mars Attacks
not anymore we're going to take charge
of this thing
[Music]